Fix issues when trying to run docker-compose (#204)
get10101/10101: README.md

You can add `-d` to run the environment in the background.
Please refer to the [docker](https://docs.docker.com/) docs for more information on how to use docker / docker-compose.

Our development environment is based on [nigiri](https://github.com/vulpemventures/nigiri).

> If you are a `nigiri` user, make sure stop it before starting `10101`, and that you prune the Docker containers by running:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are a `nigiri` user, make sure to stop it before running the `10101` docker-compose setup, and that you prune the Docker containers by running:
```
